README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="images/banner.png" width="400">
</p>

Origami is an open-source research tool focused on graphical representations of data.

![demo](images/demo.png "A screenshot")

## Download

| [<div align="center"><img src="images/linux.png" width="50px"/></div>](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-linux-x64.zip) | [<div align="center"><img src="images/macos.png" width="50px"/></div>](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-darwin-x64.zip) | [<div align="center"><img src="images/windows.png" width="50px"/></div>](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-win32-x64.zip) |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------|
| [Download for Linux](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-linux-x64.zip) | [Download for macOS](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-darwin-x64.zip) | [Download for Windows](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-win32-x64.zip) |

Visit the [Releases](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases) page to download Origami for other platforms.

## Color theme

To change the color theme, edit the *colors.json* file with the path:
- `Origami/resources/app/colors.json` on Linux
- `Origami.app/Contents/Resources/app/colors.json` on macOS (right-cick on the app and choose *Show Package Contents*)
- `Origami\resources\app\colors.json` on Windows

The *themes* directory of this repository contains several themes suggestions.

## Formats

### Multiple DOIs import

Origami can load several DOIs at once from a [JSON](https://www.json.org) formated file with the following structure:
```yaml
[
    "10.1109/biorob.2016.7523449",
    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00350",
    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00535",
    "10.1109/tbcas.2017.2759700",
    "10.3389/fnins.2016.00594",
    "10.1007/s11263-017-1050-6"
]
```

### Saves

Origami saves and load collections in [JSON](https://www.json.org) format. The generated files have the following structure:
```yaml
{
    "appVersion": "0.10.2", # the version of the app used to generate this save
    "display": 0,           # the current display's index (0 for graph, 1 for list)
    "knownDois": [          # list of DOIs clicked at least once (used to highlight new publications)
        "10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707"
    ],
    "crossref": [ # pending requests to crossref.org
        {
            "type": "CROSSREF_REQUEST_TYPE_VALIDATION",
            "doi": "10.1038/nature06293"
        },
        {
            "type": "CROSSREF_REQUEST_TYPE_CITER_METADATA",
            "parentDoi": "10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707",
            "title": "A Motion-Based Feature for Event-Based Pattern Recognition",
            "authors": [
                "X Clady",
                "JM Maro",
                "S Barré",
                "RB Benosman"
            ],
            "dateAsString": "2017"
        },
        {
            "type": "CROSSREF_REQUEST_TYPE_IMPORTED_METADATA",
            "title": "EMVS: Event-Based Multi-View Stereo—3D Reconstruction with an Event Camera in Real-Time",
            "authors": [
                "Henri Rebecq",
                "Guillermo Gallego",
                "Elias Mueggler",
                "Davide Scaramuzza"
            ],
            "dateAsString": "2017"
        }
    ],
    "doi": [ # pending requests to doi.org
        {
            "doi": "10.1038/nature06293"
        }
    ],
    "scholar": [ # pending requests to scholar.google.com
        "requests": [
            {
                "type": "SCHOLAR_REQUEST_TYPE_INITIALIZE",
                "doi": "10.3389/fnins.2016.00594",
                "url": "https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&q=10.3389%2Ffnins.2016.00594"
            },
            {
                "type": "SCHOLAR_REQUEST_TYPE_CITERS",
                "doi": "10.1109/biorob.2016.7523449",
                "url": "https://scholar.google.com/scholar?cites=3831926773876645447&start=0&hl=en",
                "number": 1,
                "total": 1
            }
        ],
        "minimumRefractoryPeriod": 2000, # minimum waiting time between scholar requests, in milliseconds
        "maximumRefractoryPeriod": 8000  # maximum waiting time between scholar requests, in milliseconds
    ],
    "graph": {
        "threshold": 1, # the current threshold used to filter suggestions, non-zero integer
        "zoom": 0,      # the current zoom level, integer in the range [-50, 50]
        "xOffset": 0,   # the current graph positions' x coordinate, float
        "yOffset": 0,   # the current graph positions' y coordinate, float
        "sticky": false # false means that the 'sticky' box is unchecked
    },
    "publications": [ # list of known publications
        [                                 # each publication is a two-elements list containg a string and an object
            "10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707", # the publication's DOI
            {                             # object containing the publication's data
                "status": "PUBLICATION_STATUS_IN_COLLECTION", # the publication's status in Origami, which can be:
                                                              #     "PUBLICATION_STATUS_UNVALIDATED": the DOI was added, but not validated
                                                              #     "PUBLICATION_STATUS_DEFAULT": suggested publication
                                                              #     "PUBLICATION_STATUS_IN_COLLECTION": in-collection publication
                "title": "HOTS: A Hierarchy of Event-Based Time-Surfaces for Pattern Recognition",
                "authors": [
                    "Xavier Lagorce",
                    "Garrick Orchard",
                    "Francesco Galluppi",
                    "Bertram E. Shi",
                    "Ryad B. Benosman"
                ],
                "journal": "Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)",
                "date": [ # the publication's release date, list of one to three integer values (optional month and day)
                    2016,
                    7,
                    14
                ],
                "citers": [
                    "10.1109/biorob.2016.7523449",
                    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00350",
                    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00535",
                    "10.1109/tbcas.2017.2759700",
                    "10.3389/fnins.2016.00594",
                    "10.1007/s11263-017-1050-6"
                ],
                "updated": 1513430331442,  # last metadata update, in milliseconds since 1970-01-01
                "selected": false,         # false means that the publication is not selected
                                           #     a single publication may be selected at once
                "bibtex": "@article{...}", # the article's BibTeX as a string
                "x": 1.0813568646326681,   # the publication's node position's x coordinate in the graph, float
                "y": -1.563450690825733,   # the publication's node position's y coordinate in the graph, float
                "locked": false            # false means that the publication's node's position is not stuck
            }
        ]
    ],
    "search": "", # the current regular expression in the search input
    "tabs": 0,    # the active tab (0 for information, 1 for search, 2 for warnings)
    "warnings": [ # list of warnings
        {
            "title": "The Crossref request for 'Poker-DVS and MNIST-DVS. Their history, how they were made, and other details' failed",
            "subtitle": "The returned article was older than the cited one (10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707)",
            "level": "warning"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Contribute

### Install

Origami is build with [Electron](https://electronjs.org), [React](https://reactjs.org) and [Redux](https://redux.js.org).

Follow these steps to download the source code, edit and build Origami:

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org).
2. Clone the repository by running from a terminal `git clone https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami.git`.
3. Go to the created *origami* folder and run `npm install`.

For development, run from the *origami* folder the command `npm run-script watch`. It will trigger a development build whenever something from the *souce* directory changes.

In order to create a new release, run:
1. `npm run-script build` to generate production builds for each supported platform.
2. `npm run-script release` to create a new Github release (requires administration rights on this repository).

To build Windows apps with macOS Catalina, one must patch Wine (see https://github.com/electron/node-rcedit/issues/51#issuecomment-546234084).

The code documentation is held in the [Wiki](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/wiki).

## License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).

Commit message:

Minor cosmetic changes to README

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="images/banner.png" width="400">
</p>

Origami is an open-source research tool. It automatically scraps Google Scholar pages to retrieve "cited by" papers, and presents the results as an interactive graph.

![demo](images/demo.png "A screenshot")

## Download

| [<div align="center"><img src="images/linux.png" width="50px"/></div>](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-linux-x64.zip) | [<div align="center"><img src="images/macos.png" width="50px"/></div>](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-darwin-x64.zip) | [<div align="center"><img src="images/windows.png" width="50px"/></div>](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-win32-x64.zip) |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------|
| [Download for Linux](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-linux-x64.zip) | [Download for macOS](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-darwin-x64.zip) | [Download for Windows](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases/download/v0.10.2/Origami-win32-x64.zip) |

Visit the [Releases](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/releases) page to download Origami for other platforms.

## Color theme

To change the color theme, edit `colors.json`. You can find it at:
- `Origami/resources/app/colors.json` on Linux
- `Origami.app/Contents/Resources/app/colors.json` on macOS (right-cick on the app and choose *Show Package Contents*)
- `Origami\resources\app\colors.json` on Windows

The `themes` directory of this repository contains several themes suggestions.

## Formats

### Multiple DOIs import

Origami can load several DOIs at once from a [JSON](https://www.json.org) formated file with the following structure:
```yaml
[
    "10.1109/biorob.2016.7523449",
    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00350",
    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00535",
    "10.1109/tbcas.2017.2759700",
    "10.3389/fnins.2016.00594",
    "10.1007/s11263-017-1050-6"
]
```

### Saves

Origami saves and load collections in [JSON](https://www.json.org) format. The generated files have the following structure:
```yaml
{
    "appVersion": "0.10.2", # the version of the app used to generate this save
    "display": 0,           # the current display's index (0 for graph, 1 for list)
    "knownDois": [          # list of DOIs clicked at least once (used to highlight new publications)
        "10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707"
    ],
    "crossref": [ # pending requests to crossref.org
        {
            "type": "CROSSREF_REQUEST_TYPE_VALIDATION",
            "doi": "10.1038/nature06293"
        },
        {
            "type": "CROSSREF_REQUEST_TYPE_CITER_METADATA",
            "parentDoi": "10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707",
            "title": "A Motion-Based Feature for Event-Based Pattern Recognition",
            "authors": [
                "X Clady",
                "JM Maro",
                "S Barré",
                "RB Benosman"
            ],
            "dateAsString": "2017"
        },
        {
            "type": "CROSSREF_REQUEST_TYPE_IMPORTED_METADATA",
            "title": "EMVS: Event-Based Multi-View Stereo—3D Reconstruction with an Event Camera in Real-Time",
            "authors": [
                "Henri Rebecq",
                "Guillermo Gallego",
                "Elias Mueggler",
                "Davide Scaramuzza"
            ],
            "dateAsString": "2017"
        }
    ],
    "doi": [ # pending requests to doi.org
        {
            "doi": "10.1038/nature06293"
        }
    ],
    "scholar": [ # pending requests to scholar.google.com
        "requests": [
            {
                "type": "SCHOLAR_REQUEST_TYPE_INITIALIZE",
                "doi": "10.3389/fnins.2016.00594",
                "url": "https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&q=10.3389%2Ffnins.2016.00594"
            },
            {
                "type": "SCHOLAR_REQUEST_TYPE_CITERS",
                "doi": "10.1109/biorob.2016.7523449",
                "url": "https://scholar.google.com/scholar?cites=3831926773876645447&start=0&hl=en",
                "number": 1,
                "total": 1
            }
        ],
        "minimumRefractoryPeriod": 2000, # minimum waiting time between scholar requests, in milliseconds
        "maximumRefractoryPeriod": 8000  # maximum waiting time between scholar requests, in milliseconds
    ],
    "graph": {
        "threshold": 1, # the current threshold used to filter suggestions, non-zero integer
        "zoom": 0,      # the current zoom level, integer in the range [-50, 50]
        "xOffset": 0,   # the current graph positions' x coordinate, float
        "yOffset": 0,   # the current graph positions' y coordinate, float
        "sticky": false # false means that the 'sticky' box is unchecked
    },
    "publications": [ # list of known publications
        [                                 # each publication is a two-elements list containg a string and an object
            "10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707", # the publication's DOI
            {                             # object containing the publication's data
                "status": "PUBLICATION_STATUS_IN_COLLECTION", # the publication's status in Origami, which can be:
                                                              #     "PUBLICATION_STATUS_UNVALIDATED": the DOI was added, but not validated
                                                              #     "PUBLICATION_STATUS_DEFAULT": suggested publication
                                                              #     "PUBLICATION_STATUS_IN_COLLECTION": in-collection publication
                "title": "HOTS: A Hierarchy of Event-Based Time-Surfaces for Pattern Recognition",
                "authors": [
                    "Xavier Lagorce",
                    "Garrick Orchard",
                    "Francesco Galluppi",
                    "Bertram E. Shi",
                    "Ryad B. Benosman"
                ],
                "journal": "Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)",
                "date": [ # the publication's release date, list of one to three integer values (optional month and day)
                    2016,
                    7,
                    14
                ],
                "citers": [
                    "10.1109/biorob.2016.7523449",
                    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00350",
                    "10.3389/fnins.2017.00535",
                    "10.1109/tbcas.2017.2759700",
                    "10.3389/fnins.2016.00594",
                    "10.1007/s11263-017-1050-6"
                ],
                "updated": 1513430331442,  # last metadata update, in milliseconds since 1970-01-01
                "selected": false,         # false means that the publication is not selected
                                           #     a single publication may be selected at once
                "bibtex": "@article{...}", # the article's BibTeX as a string
                "x": 1.0813568646326681,   # the publication's node position's x coordinate in the graph, float
                "y": -1.563450690825733,   # the publication's node position's y coordinate in the graph, float
                "locked": false            # false means that the publication's node's position is not stuck
            }
        ]
    ],
    "search": "", # the current regular expression in the search input
    "tabs": 0,    # the active tab (0 for information, 1 for search, 2 for warnings)
    "warnings": [ # list of warnings
        {
            "title": "The Crossref request for 'Poker-DVS and MNIST-DVS. Their history, how they were made, and other details' failed",
            "subtitle": "The returned article was older than the cited one (10.1109/tpami.2016.2574707)",
            "level": "warning"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Contribute

### Install

Origami is build with [Electron](https://electronjs.org), [React](https://reactjs.org) and [Redux](https://redux.js.org).

Follow these steps to download the source code, edit and build Origami:

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org).
2. Clone the repository by running from a terminal `git clone https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami.git`.
3. Go to the created *origami* folder and run `npm install`.

For development, run from the *origami* folder the command `npm run-script watch`. A development build is triggered every time a file in the *souce* directory is modified.

In order to create a new release, run:
1. `npm run-script build` to generate a production build for each supported platform.
2. `npm run-script release` to create a new Github release (requires administration rights on this repository).

To build Windows apps with macOS Catalina, one must patch Wine (see https://github.com/electron/node-rcedit/issues/51#issuecomment-546234084).

The code documentation is held in the [Wiki](https://github.com/aMarcireau/origami/wiki).

## License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).
